4_Data_visualization/README.md, before:

# (GoBike Trip Data Exploration)
## by (Kitwana Shebabetsi Ezechiel)


## Dataset

My dataset was the information about bike-sharing system from San Francisco Bay area. It is only for the year 2017, month of Frebruary. After gathering the data, i processes with few assessment in order to understand better the data and get some issues from it. After assessing, i went through the cleaning because some of the values in the dataset were untidy. Example of untidy values i found: Missing values in some columns,  innapropriate datatypes found and Some no necessary columns.
I make sure to clean these above issues before going for exploration. 


## Summary of Findings

What i fount is that, many people from San Francisco prefer riding bike than expected. There are two types of users here, `Subscriber` and `Customer`, the Subscriber user type has the most rides but they are all short duration in weedays, this is because many `Subscribers` rent bikes for the purpose of riding to work and bringing it back from __(8 AM and 9 AM)__ to __(5 PM and 6 PM)__ respectively. The longest rides for both `Customers` and `Subscribers` take place in the weekends. This is absolutely acceptebe, because in the weekends people are used to rent bikes for personal enjoyment. Customers are usually tourrists and they are the ones that rent bike in the weekends the most.


## Key Insights for Presentation

- The relationships between the starting day, hour and different gendersa and user type
- What is in the ride duration compared to the type of user. 
- The ride duration based on the whole member characteristics.

Commit message:

Doc: Update the readme for the data visualization

4_Data_visualization/README.md, after:

# Go-Bike Data visualization project
## by (Kitwana Shebabetsi Ezechiel)

## Dataset

My dataset was the information about bike-sharing system from San Francisco Bay area. It is only for the year 2017, month of Frebruary. After gathering the data, i processes with few assessment in order to understand better the data and get some issues from it. After assessing, i went through the cleaning because some of the values in the dataset were untidy. Example of untidy values i found: _Missing values in some columns_,  _innapropriate datatypes found_ and _Some no necessary columns_.
I make sure to clean these above issues before going for exploration. 


## Summary of Findings

What i fount is that, many people from San Francisco prefer riding bike than expected. There are two types of users here, `Subscriber` and `Customer`, the Subscriber user type has the most rides but they are all short duration in weedays, this is because many `Subscribers` rent bikes for the purpose of riding to work and bringing it back from __(8 AM and 9 AM)__ to __(5 PM and 6 PM)__ respectively. The longest rides for both `Customers` and `Subscribers` take place in the weekends. This is absolutely acceptebe, because in the weekends people are used to rent bikes for personal enjoyment. Customers are usually tourrists and they are the ones that rent bike in the weekends the most.

## Visualisation Process
The visualiation process had two main parts:
1. The Exploratory
In this part, i go through the exploratory visualizations categorised in tree parts:
    - Univariate Visualization: The plotting of a signle variables
    - Bivariate Visualization: The plotting of a pair of varibales
    - Multivariate Visualization: The plotting of more than two variables
2. The Explanatory
This part, I use visualizations that are easy for even non-technical graphers to understand. 
Which mean, plots that have clear titles in the y-axis and x-axis  and main title for the graph with legend included

## Key Insights for Presentation

- The relationships between the starting day, hour and different gendersa and user type
- What is in the ride duration compared to the type of user. 
- The ride duration based on the whole member characteristics.
